[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MYSTERY MONSTER
[dog barking]
Gosh, it's gotten so late.
-[sighs, gasps]
-[stomping]
[gasps]
[moaning]
[screams]
-[Kana] Have you heard?
-[Erika] Yeah, it appeared again, right?
-What did?
-The river monster.
What's that?
At around midnight,
someone was walking by the river
when a monster came out.
[growls]
Oh no, how scary!
Humph. Those are usually
lies adults tell, babu.
Lies?
They start rumors
like "a river demon will come out"
so that kids won't play
in the river and drown, babu.
It's not a lie.
A lot of people have seen it
with their own eyes.
Who? Who's seen it?
[Kana] Well... a lot of people.
-[Babu Lisa] That's a lie, babu.
-[Kana] No, it's not!
[Takashi] Hey, Naoko!
[Naoko] So noisy...
[KinPika] Naoko!
Ugh! What do you want?
Why are you sleeping?
Why? Because I'm sleepy!
Sure. But we know the truth.
-Right?
-Yeah!
-That's correct.
-[Naoko] Huh?
Ms. Naoko Watanabe,
the real reason you're sleepy
is because you were up late last night,
isn't it?
[Takashi] Yeah, you went out at night
and headed for the river, right?
[KinPika] And then...
[roars]
Huh? What are you talking about?
We're saying that the river monster
is actually you.
No, it's Gauko, isn't it?
[roars]
A giant monster in this town
could only be Gauko.
That is the logical conclusion.
Who are you calling a monster?
[growls]
-[screams]
-Wow, cool! It's Gauko!
[roars]
[growling]
-[KinPika] I’m paper thin...
-Uh!
Gauko is dinosaur, not a monster!
My apologies.
I'm sorry.
But isn't a girl
who turns into a dinosaur, a monster--
Hey, don't say things
that'll make her angry!
If you get mad,
will you turn into Gauko again?
Mr. Takashi Yamada,
you're just asking for punishment.
The reason why I'm sleepy is
because I was up late last night
writing poems.
-Poems?
-Hm!
"Where is the real me?
Always scared of people's eyes,
with a fake smile on my face,
Where has it gone?
My real true smile.
I want to embrace you now.
The real smile for me.
-One for all, all for one!
-[yawn]
Forlorn, a single tear rolls down
my cheek. A present for you tomorrow--"
Okay, okay, we get it!
I have 20 more pages.
Ms. Naoko Watanabe, we now understand
you have a solid alibi.
Last night, you stayed home
all night writing poems.
Which means, the monster that appeared
by the river is not Gauko.
That's what I've been saying
from the start.
But then, what is the true identity
of the monster?
-Hmm...
-[Halley singing]
Okay, then let's go to the river tonight.
Let's find out the monster's identity!
-Yes!
I'm coming too! I'm not going
to sit around quietly after being framed!
Later that night...
[Takashi] She's late.
[Keisuke] Yes.
It's almost midnight.
[panting]
I'm late...
[yelps]
Sorry!
Miss Naoko.
Oh, hi, Toshio's grandpa!
What are you doing?
-Sorry, no time to explain!
-Oh...
[Keisuke] What should we do?
Should we go home?
[Takashi] Why should we?
If it's just us, then...
-[Naoko] I'm here!
-[Takashi] You're late, Naoko.
I know, I’m sorry.
My mom was up still,
so I couldn't sneak out.
-[KinPika] Naoko, you came empty-handed?
-Huh?
[gasps] Why are you all dressed like that?
We're here to look for a giant monster.
We should at least be prepared.
Well, I guess Naoko doesn't have to.
If she needs to,
she can just turn into Gauko.
I'm relieved that Gauko managed to come.
Humph! Not Gauko! Naoko!
I wonder if it'll really appear...
It's here!
-[screams]
-Hold on, calm down!
S-- Something moved, right there!
-Huh? What is it?
-What could it be?
W-- What--
-[screams]
-[screams] Mm?
You guys?
Huh?
Oh, it's just you, Leonard.
What are you all doing here?
We're hunting for a monster.
Hunting a monster?
Wow, I want to join!
It's not a game.
We're looking for a real monster.
A real monster? [chuckles]
Aren't you guys too old
to be saying something like that?
It's real. There are a lot of witnesses.
Huh...
Hey, Leonard, you shouldn't be out
playing at this hour.
I told my mom before I came out!
Really?
Moles play at night
because it's too bright during the day.
Big Sis, did you tell your mom, too?
U-- Um, sure.
Of course.
-[KinPika yelps]
-W-- What?
What is it, KinPika?
I saw something flash.
Good evening, Naoko!
What are you doing out so late at night?
It's you!
You must be behind this whole thing,
you ridiculous alien!
[chuckles] Naoko called me ridiculous!
What a compliment!
You brought that giant monster
from space, didn't you?
I see. You want to conquer Earth
by using the monster.
Of course, it is my mission
to conquer Earth.
But what is this monster you mention?
-There it is!
Huh?
What is this robot?
[screams] I didn't even do anything!
[screams]
They ran away.
-This is really bad!
-Stop! You'll ruin the hole!
[yelps]
[roars]
[KinPika] I'm paper thin again...
I'm okay with KinPika,
but what have you done to Leonard! [roars]
[growling]
Gauko Kick!
[roars]
That Dinosaur Girl Gauko is powerful.
She destroyed my robot.
Fine, I will build a robot
that will defeat Gauko.
[laughing]
Ouch...
[Naoko] What was that mysterious monstar?
I am just a trickstar.
I adore the Hollywood star.
Bread turns to toast in a toastar...
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪